How dare you fight against us?
Since we can break our lightning formation
Who are you?
Two deviant things
You don't deserve to know who I am
Ha ha.
Zhang Shoucheng, don't think you have a bit of metering
Am I afraid of you?
Daochang Sun has long said
I'm afraid the two of them can't do anything about you.
So they sent them.
Hahahahaha
Hahahaha
Hahaha
Brother Shouchen, they are a group of monsters
Hahaha, wait until we wrap you with spider silk.
In less than an hour, you will turn to blood
What should you do then?
Hahahaha
We two sisters have been out of customs since
He's never eaten.
Why don't I eat you now to replenish blood color?
Hahahaha